Q-1: What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Ans:- Easy to use: Anyone with basic knowledge of HTML and CSS can start using Bootstrap,
    - By using Bootstrap's responsive CSS adjusts to phones, tablets, and desktops,
    - In Bootstrap 3, mobile-first styles are part of the core framework,
    - Bootstrap is compatible with all modern browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge, Safari, and Opera.


Q-2: What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Ans: Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system,
     Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them.

     there are three different containers:
     1-container, which sets a max-width at each responsive breakpoint
     2-container-fluid, which is width: 100% at all breakpoints
     3-container-{breakpoint}, which is width: 100% until the specified breakpoint.


Q-3: What are the default Bootstrap text settings? 
Ans: Bootstrap 5 uses a default font-size of 1rem (16px by default), and its line-height is 1.5.
     The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif.
     All <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).


Q-4: What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Ans: Bootstrap’s grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content.
     It’s built with flexbox and is fully responsive.


Q-5: What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
Ans: 1.The File Size, when compared with Bootstrap 4, they reduced the file size of Bootstrap 5 to load the components faster.
     2.System	Bootstrap 4 has five levels: xs, sm, md, lg, and xl. and Bootstrap 5 has six levels: xs, sm, md, lg, xl, and xxl.
     3.Bootstrap 4 includes jquery and all associated plug-ins. and Jquery has been deleted and replaced with vanilla JS and several functional plug-ins in Bootstrap 5.
     4.Bootstrap 4 is compatible with both Internet Explorer 10 and 11. and Bootstrap 5 does not support Internet Explorer 10 and 11.
     5.Bootstrap 4 uses fewer CSS properties. and Bootstrap 5 uses more CSS properties.
     6.There is no off-canvas element. and The offcanvas component is now available.


Q-6: What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Ans: Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together.
     ".btn-" class is used for a basic button group. 


Q-7: How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans: By using an <a> tag with the class of ".thumbnail" around an image.This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.


Q-8: In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans: In Bootstrap 4, flex box is used to control the layout and alignment specification of Bootstrap 4 components.
     This box makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structures without using float or positioning attributes.


Q-9: How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans: Alerts are created with the ".alert class",for Ex.- ".alert-success", ".alert-info", ".alert-warning" or ".alert-danger". 


Q-10: What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
Ans: A card in Bootstrap is a bordered box with some padding around its content. It includes options for headers, footers, content, colors, etc.
     A card is created with the ".card" class, and content inside the card has a ".card-body" class.